Update the roadmap with current work and plans (#3094)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/community/roadmap/index.md

Some things on the roadmap might change — the purpose is to tell you what’s coming up and help service teams prepare and plan their own work.

See our [GitHub team board](https://github.com/orgs/alphagov/projects/53) for more details on our plans and day-to-day activities.

Last updated 24 August 2023.

## Recently shipped

We recently:

> - launched a [call for speakers](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/community/call-for-speakers-2023/) at our 2-day conference, [Design System Day 2023](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/community/design-system-day/)
> - recommended changes to validation rules that make it easier for users to [input dates](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/date-input/) (thanks to Frankie Roberto!)
> - recommended not using a `maxlength` attribute on [text inputs](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/text-input/) (thanks to beeps!)

Reviewer: Removing exclamation marks (sorry!)

```suggestion
- launched a [call for speakers](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/community/call-for-speakers-2023/) at our 2-day conference, [Design System Day 2023](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/community/design-system-day/)
- recommended changes to validation rules that make it easier for users to [input dates](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/date-input/) (thanks to Frankie Roberto)
- recommended not using a `maxlength` attribute on [text inputs](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/text-input/) (thanks to beeps)
```

- [providing a clear JavaScript API for our components](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/1389)
- [removing support for compatibility mode](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/2769)
- [enabling new link styles by default](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/2350)
- [updating the crown](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/4019)

We're also:

- making it easier for teams to share their findings from user research
- updating the components, patterns and styles to be compliant with WCAG 2.2
- making it easier for teams to understand what's changed in WCAG 2.2 and what they need to do
- running more workshops on accessibility

> - organising [Design System Day 2023](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/community/design-system-day/), a 2-day conference in Edinburgh and online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- organising [Design System Day 2023](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/community/design-system-day/)
```

- [updating the typographic scale](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system/issues/2289), including increasing the minimum text size on mobile

## Coming up next

We're getting ready to:

> - add the [Show password](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system-backlog/issues/240) component to the Design System (thanks to Andy Sellick!)
> - change where technical documentation belongs on the website
> - start working on the next pattern, [Navigation](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system-backlog/issues/76)
> - run a discovery to understand how the Design System might better support teams on what they’re building today and in the future

Reviewer: Remove exclamation mark, changing the tech doc line slightly.

```suggestion
- add the [Show password](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system-backlog/issues/240) component to the Design System (thanks to Andy Sellick)
- improve the way we organise technical documentation on the website
- start working on the next pattern, [Navigation](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system-backlog/issues/76)
- run a discovery to understand how the Design System might better support teams on what they’re building today and in the future
```
